hello such in the spectators
today is going to turn the tournament of
pom pom in 2012 with hope & rita who
will take care of the music with my daughter
and goya who will serve us as judge during
all evening
I wish you a good evening to all
and that the party as you know it very
go well summer
go girls to start us
let's pick three groups the first
group will be ball and francky the
second group will be rochelle and laguna
is the last group to pass will be
claude there was the rare it is party done
to fart his father and to me I
ask so I gnaw their hello shot
everybody
kunz to lisa leslie thank you thank you day is
the good
bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo mr
thank you very much thank you
no
thank you so much
now here is the finished show I
will ask all the dancers here
present to come gathered to me
here I am habib the shabby
tranquility
who did not form a people the most
besides lurking all the cases win
then recef gives like pain
louis xi moullec el gheit
type 2 claudine canvas will help that laura
house type 3 simulate that she wins
so wait installed for the cleaver
to convince everyone
1 that's perfect now that you're
gather everything I'll ask
July after the rain to tell you
they organize ciao ciao ciao to thala
and here you are on the return of the plateau
tournaments dads let m
now ask goulia I did not
given the result was going to install
Come on guys, we're listening to you
oh no the results flew away
how are we going to share no this is it
a nightmare how are we going to do
to know the result is limited there
should be asked of all who have seen
the show to score in the
comments the person they've been going
win ben harper good ben if that's it
I will ask you as a dj who
the brand aura and the name of the team
that you preferred in the
comments be at 10 and frank hill
rochelle and the vina or dracula will have and
hills and that's all for doubting
chat the house
bah
life